Add guidance on correcting a bid value (#42)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_bid_extension: README.md

The codelist's Category column indicates whether the statistic applies to bids or bidders or whether it is specified or required by a particular regulatory context (e.g. EU).

## Guidance

> ### Correcting a bid value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Correcting a bid's value
```

> Procuring entities and, in some jurisdictions, bidders, can correct bid values after a bid is submitted; for example, to correct a purely arithmetic error or a misplaced decimal.

Reviewer: https://ocds-standard-development-handbook.readthedocs.io/en/latest/meta/style_guide.html#word-choice

```suggestion
Buyers and procuring entities – and, in some jurisdictions, bidders – can correct a bid's value after the bid is submitted: for example, to correct an arithmetical error or a misplaced decimal mark.
```

> In OCDS:
> 
> * The bid value as submitted goes in `bids.details.value`
> * If a correction is made, that bid value is overwritten

Reviewer: The first bullet makes it sound like the field is *always* equal to the bid value as submitted. But that's only true at the time of submission.

Also, avoid metaphorical language like "goes in". (Can add this content to the standard handbook: https://ocp-software-handbook.readthedocs.io/en/latest/general/documentation.html#word-choice)

```suggestion
In OCDS, the bid's value is disclosed via the `bids.details.value` field. If a bid's value is corrected, the value of the `bids.details.value` field is overwritten. As such, the originally submitted value is only available via the contracting process' [change history](https://standard.open-contracting.org/latest/en/primer/releases_and_records/).
```

> To make both the original and corrected values available to data users, implementers can use the [releases and records model](https://standard.open-contracting.org/latest/en/primer/releases_and_records/) to publish a two releases: a release containing the original bid value and second release containing the corrected value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a publisher, to make both the original and corrected values available to users, publish at least two releases for the contracting process: one release containing the bid's originally submitted value and another containing its corrected value.
```
